we're going to South Carolina and
Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota
and New Mexico we're going to California
and Texas in New York we go to South
Dakota and Oregon and Washington and
Michigan and then we're going to
Washington DC to take back the White
House filters on internets I hear
there's rumors on the Internet's and one
of the things that I've used on the
Google is to pull up maps it was not
always a given that the United States in
America would have a close relationship
[Music]
where wings take dreams let me be
absolutely clear Israel is a strong
friend of Israel's we understand the
importance of having the bondage between
the parent and the child
we're trying to get unemployment to go
up and I think we're going to succeed I
feel right at home in this gymnasium
[Music]
chicken I got to be careful chicken
fecal coliform bacteria I've now been in
57 states I think one left to go I've
signed legislation but without law
Russia forever with the embalming in
five minutes I remember meeting a mother
of a child who was abducted by the North
Koreans right here in the Oval Office I
don't have another drink of that fine
Irish whiskey read my lips
[Applause]
[Music]
I opposed breaching those dams I know
the human being and fish can coexist
peacefully Prime Minister of India the
new Prime Minister of India is no so
what if the guy threw a shoe at me hey
fine host for the OPEC summit
I appreciate Apex from the
[Music]
there is nothing that a good defense can
not be a better offense and I know the
speculation but I'm the decider and I
decide what is best and what's best is
for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the
secretary of defense these immigrants
have helped transform 13 small colonies
into a great and growing nation of more
than 300 people
these are big achievements for this
country and people of Bulgaria ought to
be proud of of the achievements that
they have achieved if you're a single
mother with two children which is the
toughest job in America as far as I'm
concerned and you're working hard to put
food on your family
the fact that they purchased the machine
when somebody had to make the machine
and when somebody makes the machine it
means there's jobs at the machine making
place during the primary campaign he
criticized governor Reagan for what you
call this voodoo economics kind of wish
hadn't said thank you and brownie you're
doing a heck of a job FEMA directors
working 24 hours
[Applause]
to give to the president of UAC an
instrument oh we got issue an America
too many good Doc's are getting out of
business too many OBGYNs aren't able to
practice their their love with women all
across this country our enemies are
innovative and resourceful and so were
we
they never stop thinking about new ways
to harm our country and our people and
neither do we
people in Louisiana must know that all
across our country there's a lot of
Prayer prayer for those whose lives have
been turned upside down and I'm one of
them we've got to collect the taxes to
do it if there's a fair way I'm all ears
but there's an old saying in Tennessee I
know it's in Texas probably in Tennessee
this says fool me once shame on shame on
you if fool me can't get fooled again
Bush's bowling blunder happened in
Milwaukee this afternoon we're happy to
report the president is fine and he
picked up his spare and his pride before
leading telling me what to do five four
three two one
[Music]
just one finger victory salute fears
I've worked alongside him and I'm proud
to have been his partner and we've had
triumphs we made some mistakes we've had
some sex setbacks sometimes I feel like
the
[Music]
recently I received a letter from Massey
on to Oklahoma
Okumura odd dammit let me say say that
name again
what thank you all very much
Thank You Senator Obama supporters have
been saying some pretty nasty things
about western Pennsylvania lately
and you know I couldn't agree with him
more I couldn't disagree with you I
couldn't agree with you more than the
fact that western Pennsylvania is the
most patriotic most God loving
[Music]
[Applause]
and when it comes to establishing your
worldview I was curious what newspapers
and magazines did you regularly read
before you were tapped for this to stay
informed and to understand I wrote most
of them again with a great appreciation
for the press for the media what we mean
is typically I'm curious see all of them
any of them that have been in front of
me over all these years I am you then I
have a vast variety of sources where we
get our news to millions of innocent
people lost their lives because of the
bigotry and hitlerism that permeated
Germany in other parts of the world it
was an obscene period in our nation's
history turn out our nation's but in
World War 2 I mean we we all lived in
this century I don't live in this
history we did not have
the Marriott is not a candidate
[Music]
well then somebody's talk singing smoke
gets in your eyes I think we may just
start this is something we want us to
leave Pharma nothing to keep you here
but the popular
can somebody tell me what the deal is
is it a fire alarm are we supposed to
leave not yet that's not an encouraging
answers not yet
I'm Bob Heyman from the safety homes in
st. Petersburg Florida
mr. president when mr. Ehrlichman and
mr. Haldeman left your administration
you said they were guiltless in the
Watergate affair and they were quote two
of the finest public servants you'd ever
known and quote after what's transpired
and been revealed since then do you
still feel the same way about both men
and both statements first I hold that
both men and others who have been
charged or guilty until I have evidence
but they are not guilty mr. President
may I suggest that you may have misspoke
yourself when you said that you assumed
Haldeman and Ehrlichman are considered
guilty until proven not guilty yes I
certainly did if I said that I think all
of you join me in thanking our friends
from Austria in bringing this display
but that magnificent stallion Amadeus is
a gift to the people of the United
States well it is particularly fitting
that this is the first time this has
ever happened on the White House lawn
just a minute
I'm talking too long I'll make it short
we cannot sustain was that my oh
goodness
that's all right all of you know who I
am
but I'm sure there's somebody back there
that's really nervous right now
don't you think they're sweating bullets
back there right now we're worried I
want to run the risk of ruining what is
a lovely recession a lovely reception by
set by now for the first time I can tell
you that you're a disaster
[Laughter]
[Music]
flower of chocolates in his own words I
felt the atmosphere in Russia I
identified with them and tried to put it
all into my plane
[Music]
people
[Applause]
yeah honey I told you to do it only if I
didn't get any applause Oh
[Laughter]
[Applause]
well where was I
[Music]
do you agree with the Bush Doctrine in
what respect Charlie Bush what do you
what do you interpret it to be his
worldview no the Bush Doctrine
enunciated September 2002 before the
Iraq war I believe that what President
Bush has attempted to do is rid this
world of Islamic extremism terrorists
who are hell-bent on destroying our
nation there have been blunders along
the way though there have been mistakes
made and with new leadership and that's
the beauty of American elections of
course in democracy as with new
leadership comes opportunity to do
things better the Bush Doctrine as I
understand it is that we have the right
of anticipatory self defense we have the
right to a parameter of strike against
any other country that we think is going
to attack us do you agree with that
Charlie if there is legitimate and
enough intelligence that tells us that a
strike is imminent against American
people we have every right to defend our
country you've cited Alaska's proximity
to Russia as part of your foreign policy
experience what did you mean by that
that Alaska has a very narrow maritime
border between a foreign country Russia
and on our other side the land boundary
that we have with Canada it's funny that
a comment like that was kind of made to
care I don't know you know reporters
yeah macht I guess that's the word yeah
well explain to me why that enhances
your foreign policy credentials well it
certainly does because our our next-door
neighbors are foreign countries they're
in the state that I am the executive of
and have you ever been resolved with any
negotiations for example with the
Russians we have trade missions back and
forth we do it's very important when you
consider even national security issues
with Russia as Putin rears his head and
comes into the airspace of the United
States of America where do they go it's
Alaska it's just right over the border
it is from Alaska that we send those out
to make sure that an eye is being kept
on this very powerful nation Russia
because they are right there they are
right next to so let's welcome the
candidates for the Republican nomination
for president New Jersey Governor Chris
Christie
Texas senator Ted Cruz
[Applause]
Florida Senator Marco Rubio
former Florida Governor Jeb Bush
[Applause]
and dr. ben Carson please come out on
the stage he's standing there as well
dr. Carson
and lastly we welcome back to the debate
stage Donald Trump
please
but Kasich can I see in here yes yes
we're gonna introduce Ohio Governor John
Kasich
[Applause]